Move internal password validation roles into github (#1)
messerli-informatik-ag/zxcvbn-cs: zxcvbn-cs/README.md

### Licence

Since `Zxcvbn-cs` is a port of the original `Zxcvbn` the original copyright and licensing applies. Cf. the LICENSE file.

### Changes differ from mickford/zxcvbn-cs

> The following changes differ from the orginal one (mickford/zxcvbn-cs - https://github.com/mickford/zxcvbn-cs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following changes differ from the [original library](https://github.com/mickford/zxcvbn-cs).:
```

- Add keyboard layouts: 
	Swiss German, Swiss French, Italian, German, French
		

> - Changed date matcher logics:

Reviewer: Your writing stile switches between imperative, present simple and past simple. Choose one.

Author: Addressed in: https://github.com/messerli-informatik-ag/zxcvbn-cs/pull/1/commits/8f3cf4fda0d758466432e3b7f93d5982338047c9
